Roles-
James Kelly - GitMaster, Chief Programmer
Sanjay Thapa - Chief Programmer, Bug Tester

https://drive.google.com/a/myport.ac.uk/folderview?id=0B17UTfp_Xv0KbGE0RldiajVBY2c&usp=sharing - Google Drive Link with our stuff in it.



Information for the presentation- 1st Presentation 2nd Dec
Target market - University students

The Deliverables:

- overview of the project concept target market and platform (Dan) and product overview and technologies (Sanjay)

- programming languages chosen - James and bryan

- Table of responsibilities - Nicolas

- Diagrams (meet up)


-Programming Languages Chosen -
For our programming language we have chosen to use the java programming language. The reasons why we chose to use java
over all other programming are that it has excellent cross platform capabilities, you will not have to reprogram your 
program for each OS, It also has vast amounts of 3rd party libraries as well as documentation which 
both make life as the programmer a lot easier.

File/Database Systems Chosen - 
For our file/database system we have chosen to use oracle database. The reasons for this are that with us using java 
to make our program it makes it really easy to integrate our database data into our java program and then do stuff 
with data which wouldn't be as easy if we used other systems.
  
- Graphic System ( SWING ) - BRY BRY
To ensure that the chart rendering software functions across all different type of platforms and operating system, we 
have decided to use “SWING” graphic system. Unlike AWT, SWING is a GUI system that utilize AWT and produce images in 
the form of buttons, textboxes, labels and such that responds to events like mouse clicking, data entry, while AWT uses the operating system native GUI toolkit for its 
functionality.Due to this, AWT programs in one machine might not look and function the same on a different machine 
unless heavy effort is. put into making AWT programs work consistently across platforms. 
Even though SWING may take up slightly more memory space compared to AWT, we ultimately want a graphic system that all
the team members have had experience using and can function consistently across platforms, saving team member’s extra 
precious time and effort needed to debug the inconsistencies, keeping in track with already planned schedule.

For our graphics system we have chosen to use a combination of swing, AWT and java 2d to create Graphical user 
inerface's(GUI's) and graphs. The GUI side of our program, where our users will enter the information to be put onto 
their graphs, will be created using swing. Swing is an extension of the Abstract Window Toolkit(AWT) which allow us to
create GUI's which are independant of a specific operation systems windowing system meaning they will look the same 
for every operating system. For to make the graphs we will be using the Java 2D API. The Java 2D API provides 2D 
graphics capabilities for java programs through extensions to AWT. Throught the combination of swing and Java 2D we 
can easily create windows and using the window
